.TH unfit 1 "6/April/2015" "Version 0.1"
.SH NAME
unfit - extract useful information from FIT files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unfit [OPTIONS] FILE...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Process FIT file(s) to extract the useful information.
.PP
.IP "The following data is extracted if available:"
Heart-rate (bpm)
.br
Speed (kmph)
.br
Cadence (rpm)
.br
Altitude
.br
Distance (km)
.br
Temperature (ºC)
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-o <file>"
Output CSV data to <file> rather than to stdout.
.br
If multiple input files are specified, all data will be output to this one file.
.IP "-m, --missing-seconds"
Add data-points for every second which doesn't have one. This can make further processing in a spread-sheet easier.
.IP "-c, --default-config"
Do not scan files "~/.unfit" and "/etc/unfit" for default options
.IP "--altitude | --no-altitude"
Include or exclude the altitude column.
.IP "--heart-rate | --no-heart-rate"
Include or exclude the heart-rate column.
.IP "--cadence | --no-cadence"
Include or exclude the cadence column.
.IP "--speed | --no-speed"
Include or exclude the speed column.
.IP "--distance | --no-distance"
Include or exclude the distance column.
.IP "--time-stamps | --no-time-stamps"
Include or exclude the time-stamps column.
.IP "--time-format <format-string>"
See strftime(3) manual for format string options.
.IP "-f, --force-write | --no-force-write"
Don't overwrite existing files unless the --force-write option is used.
.IP "-s, --summary"
Don't extract all the data points, just analyse what's there and provide a summary. One summary per input file, and an overall summary.
.IP "-h, --help"
A small reminder of the command-line options.
.IP "-v, --version"
The version. Note that this documentation is for version 0.1
.IP "--debug | --no-debug"
Turn on/off extra verbose output. (Really just used for debugging).
.SH FILES
.IP "~/.unfit"
.IP "/etc/unfit"
Each line of this file will be processed as if it were an additional option.
.br
Options in the ~/.unfit file override options in the /etc/unfit file, and command line options override options in the ~/unfit file.
.SH BUGS
The --summary option is not implemented.
.br
The --missing-seconds option is not implemented.
.br
Daylight savings doesn't work (Timezones generally haven't been tested - I live in GMT)
.SH AUTHOR
xb75 - https://github.com/xb75/unfit
.SH NOTES
This command has been designed to work with files produced by a Garmin Edge 510. Other devices may produce files which work to varying degrees.
.SH SEE ALSO
strftime(3)
